In the last video where we left off was we created our ListContacts component.
We parsed to it our contacts array as
a prop and then inside of ListContacts we had an ordered list,
but we haven't done anything inside of it yet.
All we have done is we are console.logging,
whatever the step props is,
which you'll see inside of the console has a contacts property on the props object,
that has three different contacts.
So, now what we can do is we can use JavaScript to map
over our contacts array and for each item inside of contacts,
we can create a list item to show the specific contact to the view.
So, what we will do in order to do that,
is let's first delete this console.log.
And now inside of our ol list we'll go into JavaScript by doing the curly braces.
We will then say, this.props.contacts.
We want to map over those,
we'll have an arrow function here.
Notice, I'm using parens rather than
curly braces to get the implicit return of the ES6 error function.
So, for each contact what we now want to do is we want to
create a list item here that says, contact.name.
And now what we've done is inside of our UI,
we have three different items,
each item represents the name of an individual contact.
And if you remember looking at our console we have an error here,
each child in an array or iterator should have a unique key prop.
So, what we need to do is we can come and give this a unique key prop.
If you remember back to what our contacts array looks like,
is each contact has an ID,
a name, a handle and an avatar URL.
So, what we will use is this ID property as the unique ID.
So we can come in here and say, contact.id.
The reason we need to do this,
is because eventually one of those list items may change.
And by having a unique key attribute on each list item,
React is able to performantly know which items in the list has changed,
rather than recreating the entire list every time.
So now, if we save this,
what we should see is that we have our list and that error goes away.
And now when we save that we still get our same list,
but we no longer get that error in the console